Okay, first thing first, open the editor
Android
5.6. Select the third person. I go to
the game. Select third person. Rename
this this project landscape player
plant.
Yep.
Layer. Okay, hit
create. First thing first, uh go here to
the file, create new level, choose basic
level for now. Delete this
landscape by pressing delete. Go to
selection mode. Hit
landscape. After doing that, we have to
enable edit layers. Make it true. Hit
create. Okay. After after that we have
to go here return to the selection mode
and go to the fab marketplace from add
fab. Let's search for material grass
material more filter set price to free
and choose a
surface. Okay, let's choose this one.
low grass. Uh for me, I want to choose
highest quality as
possible
quality. Add to my library. Add to my
project. Let it start
downloading. Second one is second layer
is
dirt or rest.
This is
[Music]
surface. Let's set price to
green. And let's see.
Let's do this one for
example. Ground
wrap and finally
send to
play. Let's this
one. Okay. Downloading is finished. It's
importing right now. Preparing
texture. Okay. Let's go here and close
the
file. Go here to the content by pressing
content. Okay. Choose material. Create
new material.
Landscape mat.
Double
click. Make it in this place. Now select
this one and go here in this corner. Use
material attributes. Make it to
true. Now we have three materials. Have
to make material
attributes. Duplicate three times by
Ctrl C. Ctrl +
V like this. Ctrl + V another
time. Okay. In the end we have to add it
like this. Now between them we have to
add a blend. Let's keep
layer blend. Add some
layers. Okay. Go on this corner. Three
layer
one. Change now to two.
And finally layer
three. Okay, we have three layers.
Grass, dirt, and finally
sand. Let's add our
textures. Go here to content tab because
surfaces. Uh let's go by the
grass. Choose
textures and textures.
Copy all of
those base color to the base
color. Normal to the normal and the
mask. The red channel for the ambient
occlusion. The green channel for the
redness and the blue channel for the
displacement.
Second
texture go the
surfaces. Let's choose a rubber
alter. This
one. Okay.
Do the same thing from those base
color
[Music]
normal. Okay. Red channel for the
ambient
occlusion.
Green by the last
mass and blue channel for
displacement. Okay. Make this one
down. The third surface is the sand
pitch.
Press ship. Select first one and define
last
one. First
[Music]
one
normal
mask red channel with the closing green
channel mask and the blue channel to the
displacement.
Okay, finally we have to pipe our UV
maps search for landscape layer plant
and
uh landscape layer called
uh this one make it right here. Make a
multiply
node and create
constant. Drag this one right here and
change this and value to one.
Ctrl
Ctrl V and another Ctrl V. We have three
types. Okay. The first one we have to
convert this one to
parameter
grass scaler.
Second
one dot
scaler. Third one is sand
scaler. To convert us the parameter you
have to press this one and convert to
parameter. We have to choose one of
those.
Okay, let's plug all of those to the UV
maps. Second one,
dirt UV
maps. And finally,
desend to all of the those UV
maps. I think we are done.
Okay, third
material, second layer, first
layer, and finally to the landscape
material. Hit
apply. I save all running this levels
layers and
complete. Takes some times to saving.
Fine. Now let's just right here. Go here
to the
landscape. Just
paint. Choose this
one. Uh before we choose this, we have
to go right here to the content in the
land selection mode. Once it's selected
landscape, go
down right here. Landscape
material. And here we have to create
instance landscape mod instance. Select
this one and press this button. This
stock build looks black. I have to go
here to the landscape. Select the paint
and choose this one. Create layer from
assigned
material. Okay. Let's assign a material.
Press this one. Wait to plant
layers to create the second one. Do the
same thing. The third one do the same
thing. Press button. Okay. After that we
have to go here and select field layer.
And
now
let's load the brush size. And now we
can select first one
grass. Look at this. It looks very
line. Nice. Now the
dirt. Okay. You
can now select our layers and paint it
and do what you want. Okay, thank you
guys for watching this all for this
tutorial. I see you later in the next
tutorial. Uh, hit like, subscribe, and
comment.